February 9, 2019

I completed reading the documents on Github and the notes you gave me of the previous RA that worked in this project.
I send you a another pull request regarding the bellman equation document. Please let me know if I did this right or not, 
if not I will stop working with the online platform of Github and use the desktop.

I did some quick literature review regarding the solution we have on the Bellman equation preview to the static analysis, 
I'm looking for a relation between tehnological accumulation versus fixed investment and world prices, in the end I put the links to 
the ones I thought are more relevant, I haven't found one that would help me relate prices to technology yet. 

There is something I was wondering, 
labor is an important factor of desicion for the firm, but in our final solution it's not. 
We obtain in equation 14) an equation for labor, which depend on A(mt), F and PW. 
Now, I understand that if we solve the equation we can replace the values and get an optimun level of labor, 
but would this means that we can't do static analysis on labor in the final equilibrium? 
I figure that we can replace the equation on labor we found early in the final solution and go from there, 
but would this make sense in the model? Can we really say that in this model labor is an important factor? 
or its just a reaction to the price level and the fixed investment. 

Now, we have a firm that maximaze profits, but its desicion solution comes from world prices and from the fixed capital investment.
Now, I understand that giving that this is a 2 country model, world price is just the price between the countries, 
I was thinking that if the country is big or small to have an effect on world prices, but in our model this doesn't matter. 
Now, there is no government involved, so no lobbies effort is require and no tariff is implemented in this final equation we have,
because we are starting from the simplest model to then begin to complicate things, 
so, the only thing we are looking here is what the firm will do to maximaze profits?

I have been working on the math for the analysis we talked but I hit a wall, I will show you what I got in our next meeting, 


Links 

https://faculty.wharton.upenn.edu/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Jedc-28-2004.pdf
http://www.econ.nyu.edu/user/violante/Workingpapers/instability.pdf
https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/f8e7/d9ca7207ae8b3ff0b06500899ee5d596f2b8.pdf
http://home.uchicago.edu/nstokey/papers/stokey-tech-skill-lrg-061817.pdf







June 4, 2018
I finished the first course on Github, the basic interface is pretty clear. 
Now I'm creating this first file in your repository.
This should act as my journal.
I'm starting the second course call "Mastering GitHub", given that Code School was absorb by pluralsight, the order of the courses is a bit
messy, I supose this course is apropiate because it's looks at pulling request and the like, not too advance I presume. 

I've read the notes on dynamic programing you send me, I'm still unclear regarding Bellman's equations, but I get the way it works by
using differents time periods in order to predict the right policy action in the present. 
